---
title: Todays Training
author: Dan Murphy
date: 2023-02-15
---
# Reflection
Today was tough. I woke up around 8am and saw some slack messages about customers having trouble signing into their Pry dashboard. I sent a few responses and quickly realized something was off. We kicked off an incident, and much of the remainder of my day was spent leading and mitigating this incident. Thankfully, we were able to get things fixed after discovering that we were running into some OOM errors.

Outside of work, today was also tough. I was supposed to run a 55k this Saturday in Moab, Utah. Moab is a place that holds a lot of importance in my heart, and this race itself was meant to be very significant. Sadly, it snowed overnight and the course directors decided to cancel the race. Now, I am mapping out 35+n mile routes in NYC. I will still be running a 55k, just not in Moab.

Overall, I ended my day feeling a bit disappointed. I *needed* a run to clear my head, so I headed out for an 8 mile out-and-back run along the west side highway. It was so busy out there today... I guess 50-degree+ fahrenheit weather in February will do that. Seeing so many people out there was energizing, although it was also a bit challenging at some times. You have to keep your head on a bit of a swivel. I ran at a low 8-minute average pace, and I felt really good the entire time. It's days like these where I am so grateful for running. If I did not turn to running when days got tough, I don't know what I would do.

The last 6 months of my life have been filled with ups and downs. The one thing I know is that life is short, and optimizing for good times, tough challenges, and great people is what really matters. That's what I'll be focusing my energy on😄

# Highs and Lows
Ray Dalio really said it best... 

```text
Every day there will be many problems. Some big, others small. There will be waves of problems. They will never end. The more successful you are the bigger your problems will be. To achieve your goals you must be a problem solving machine.
```

It is important to understand this. Once one understands this, they then realize it is imperative to seek out problems on the daily. If you are not problem-solving on any given day, are you growing? Are you becoming the best version of yourself? Are you becoming *more* successful? Your definition of success may differ from mine, but the way that we find more of that success is the same - seek it out and execute. Every day.